fix: correct terminology for object initializer property names (#43182)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/guide/working_with_objects/index.md

};
```

> Each property name before colons is a property key (either an identifier name, a number literal, or a string literal), and each `valueN` is an expression whose value is assigned to the property name. The property name can also be an expression; computed keys need to be wrapped in square brackets. The [object initializer](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Object_initializer) reference contains a more detailed explanation of the syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each property name before the colon is either an identifier, a number literal, or a string literal, and each `valueN` is an expression whose value is assigned to the property name. The property name can also be an expression; computed keys need to be wrapped in square brackets. The [object initializer](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Object_initializer) reference contains a more detailed explanation of the syntax.
```
